You've stumbled upon the repo that houses the code for my lyrics mini-site.
Presently, it only contains the lyrics for my album, The Every Mile Made Yours
EP (2013).

Read more about it at: www.mohanzhang.com (look/search for "Musician")

I am currently working on my next album, so I am making room for it on my
website. Here's what the site used to say:

---

In late 2013, I released an EP called The Every Mile Made Yours EP.

This album is special to me because it is entirely self-produced, from
songwriting to artwork to mastering and everything in between (and there was a
lot in between!). I gave myself 60 days to see it from start to finish, and what
a learning experience it's been—especially learning how to sing for the first
time. You'll want to check out the blog posts on the right for some valuable
context!

I had trouble coming up with a genre for the EP because it blends so many styles
of music.  Specifically, you'll be detecting some or all of the following:
indie, folk, acoustic, country, bluegrass, spoken word, ambient, pop, punk,
piano rock, and yes, just a tinge of emo (the good kind). Hey, you guys should
just consider yourselves lucky that I didn't include screamo in that list, which
is definitely something I overdosed on in college.

But joking aside, The Every Mile Made Yours EP is a collection of five tracks
that work together to tell a 25-minute story of travel, nature, love,
uncertainty, loss, and resilience. You'll probably need a solid 25-minute
attention span to really appreciate it because there really isn't a "single" per
se. But that's hardly for me to decide—I hope there's something in it for
everyone.

---

The website is built using hakyll 4.4 and bootstrap 3, so even if you're not
into my particular style of music, as a coder who apparently browses obscure
github repos, you might find it useful as examples of those two technologies.
